we should record Samaritans yeah I think
you've got something I already do
there's no music you're the music
with debut album you've got a vinyl
release I love your stuff I thought this
girl who know my damage this is a huge
opportunity I've got a line of
songwriters down the hall trying to
write for Daniel Lee Aaron wants me to
write for Ally how cool I just don't see
it's just being like a cog in a big
machine dad I love her I love that I
want her can I have her you know when a
singer finds a writer they think sounds
like them they hang on for less come on
I want my next hit this is way too
carefully you can hear that transmission
I scare people
good
[Music]
that's nice I like that we've
constructed like a whole made-up world
and it stops us from seeing everything
it really is stop thinking what do you
feel if you can put that into your work
then you can accomplish something really
great
you
[Music]